# Track My Trade
#### Video Demo:  <https://youtu.be/JYx02TWH-zE>
#### Description:
It's a website designed for FX traders to record their trades and track their overall performance. I designed 4 pages in this website: summary - a place where you could see your oevrall performance, including your overall profit, win rate, and number of trades in total; record your trade - where you could record your trades in details like recording the pips change, TP, SL, pair etc.; current rate - a place where you could check the current exchange rate from any currency to USD; and notes - where you could write down anything you think it's meaningful, could be tips, could be todo lists etc.

I'm a FX trader myself. I've tried different websites and apps to trades recording, both free ones and not free ones. However, most of them are a bit too complicated for me, as I'm a FX trader, and I'm not super professional, I'm not familiar with some of the indicators, sometimes they are not useful to me as well, and there's no ways to eliminate only some of them. Thus this is why I decided to create my own website to record my trades, with only useful indicators to me. This would be very convenient. I decided to use this as my legit website to record my trades, and put it on my cv and linkdin to show companies both my trading skills and my cs skills.

With the summary page, I wrote codes to generate calculations based on the second page "record your trade". It will be automatically updated after a trade being added. This page involves making tables as well. As for the second page 'record a trade', it's basically a table with bunches of indicators that I chose, and it will be saved to your local in csv form. The third page was applied by using API. I chose a moderate great API website, and generated it in my code. It contains the excahnge rate from any curreny to USD. I might updated this page further to make it be able to show exchange rate of any currency pair. But for now, it's good enough. As for the note page, it's mainly a huge space for people to type, and I made it more beautiful and interesting.

That's my cs50 final project 'Track My Trade', and I'm Vivian, living in London, United Kingdom. I hope this project is interesting, and hopefully it would be helpful to other traders as well. Please don't hesitate to contact me if there's any questions! And now I can finally happily say: this WAS cs50! Thank you everyone!

Well, this is my third time trying to add something to this description. It says it's still not long enough. Let me introduce you what the indicators are in the record my trade page then. TP stands for take profit, it's the price that you wish to take profit from, and as soon as the price hit you set take profit threshold, the trade will automatically closed. Similarly, SL stands for stop loss, it's the price that you wish to stop when you think you are losing too much money or you think the price would keep going the wrong way and there's no points waiting anymore, so basically it's your 'line'. As soom as the price hit your set stop loss threshold, the trade will automatically closed as well. Pips change is very easy to understand. Just calculate the gao between the price that you started and the price that the trade stopped at. This is related to risk management as well. I will explain it if it's still long enough this time. The pair slot is very easy to understand as well, it's just the currency pair that you chose to trade in. I normally only pay attention to 1 pair, as it will be too much if I'm looking at more than 1 pair. I will need to pay attention to more news, events, indicators, markets etc. 
